# Exercise 1: Hello World
## 1.1 Thinking about elevators
✅ Done.

## 1.2 Set up source control and build tools
✅ Done.

## 1.3 Reasons for concurrency and parallelism
### What is concurrency? What is parallelism? What's the difference?
Concurrency is managing processes that execute independently, while parallelism is simultaneous execution of computations.

### Why have machines become increasingly multicore in the past decade?
CPU frequencies can't get faster because of power consumption.

### What kinds of problems motivates the need for concurrent execution? (Or phrased differently: What problems do concurrency help in solving?)
* Problems with processes that need to happen simultaneously.
* Increasing performance.

### Does creating concurrent programs make the programmer's life easier? Harder? Maybe both? (Come back to this after you have worked on part 4 of this exercise)
* Both. Concurrency is easier if the system consists of multiple independent parts, but harder if the parts need to interact or share resources.

### What are the differences between processes, threads, green threads, and coroutines?
* Processes: the entire running program, including threads, executable code, the runtime, etc.
* Threads: OS-managed piece of code that may run simultaneously with other threads.
* Green threads: Threads managed by the runtime.
* Coroutines: Threads managed by the programmer.

### Which one of these do pthread_create() (C/POSIX), threading.Thread() (Python), go (Go) create?
* `pthread_create()` and `threading.Thread()` create threads.
* Go creates coroutines using `go`.

### How does pythons Global Interpreter Lock (GIL) influence the way a python Thread behaves?
Python's interpreter can only run one piece of code at a time, so threads can not run at the same time.

### With this in mind: What is the workaround for the GIL (Hint: it's another module)?
Using the multiprocessing module.

### What does `func GOMAXPROCS(n int) int` change?
It changes the amount of cores the go runtime will use.

## 1.4
The two threads compute `i = i ± 1`. The value of `i` will be "cached" during the computation, and the threads will get out of sync over time. Therefore, the result of the computation is a random value that is wrong.
